conflict is normal all all around. A lot of people avoid it. Some people
look forward to it, but conflict it's it's a part of job. Just imagine
that you're you've got new personalities, different personalities,
different people from all walks of life, all different backgrounds.
I mean, it's Ah, it's kind of a Milton pot. So you put all of these
people in one small area. You're bound to have a confident. The
key here is to be able to solve that conflict and move forward and
continue in a continue to operate in a positive and productive working
environment. You don't have to be someone friends who worked with
him just respect and respect them and be cordial. And that's how you
just move forward. Just don't hold on to those negative issues and
those negative thoughts in those, uh, those problems. Just solve it
and move forward and just always be respectful